GTFS·X is the fastest way to build a GTFS feed.
Draw new or existing routes, which snap to the streets.
Then add stops.
The stops automatically snap to your route.
With your stops placed, you can build a timetable.
The system automatically estimates travel times on the roadway based on real-world travel times.
The Visualization tab shows your headways, and the Validation tab shows errors or warnings
in real-time with links that make it easy to make corrections.
When your feed is ready, save a snapshot for publication.
From the Publish tab, scroll down and click Publish Now.
This publishes your feed to a stable URL.
Build your feed the easy way with GTFS·X.
www.gtfsx.com